Update README.md (#8)
FGRibreau/import-tweets-to-mastodon: README.md

> # Importing tweets for a Mastodon instance (e. g.: https://framapiaf.org) :bird::arrow_right::elephant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Importing tweets to a Mastodon instance (e.g.: https://framapiaf.org) :bird::arrow_right::elephant:
```

> Thats a simples script to import yours tweets from any Twitter account to a Mastodon account, in any instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple script to import yours tweets from any Twitter account to a Mastodon account, in any instance.
```

## Steps
For this tutorial, you'll need to install **Node.js** and **Git**.
 - Node.js: [Download | Node.js (nodejs.org)](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
 - Git: [Git - Downloads (git-scm.com)](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

> ### #1 - Request your Twitter data in link below;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### #1 - Request your Twitter data with the link below:
```

> Go [here](https://twitter.com/settings/your_twitter_data) for request your Twitter data. You'll recive a link to download a zip file. There will be tweets, images, information etc. It'll be in this configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go [here](https://twitter.com/settings/your_twitter_data) to request your Twitter data. You'll receive a link to download a ZIP file. There will be tweets, images, information etc. It'll be in this configuration:
```

 - twitter
    - assets (folder)
    - data (folder) 
    - Your archive (html file)

### #2 - Extract archive and look for `tweets.js`

> Extract the file in your Desktop folder. Will be more easy for manipulate. Find the **tweets.js** file. It'll be, probably inside "data" folder and move it to Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extract the file to your Desktop folder (or any folder that works for you). Find the **tweets.js** file. It'll probably be inside the "data" folder. Move it to your Desktop.
```

### #3 - Clone this repo
Clone this repo in your Desktop folder with the command: 
```
git clone https://github.com/FGRibreau/import-tweets-to-mastodon.git
```
Or download the zip and extract in Desktop.
### #4 - Set an API key from Mastodon

> To request an API key from Mastodon, click [here](https://mastodon.cloud/settings/applications). Create an new application in "New Application". Set an Application Name (e. g.: api-mastodon-twitter) and, at the end of page, click in "Submit". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request an API key from Mastodon, click [here](https://mastodon.cloud/settings/applications). Create a new application with "New Application". Set an Application Name (e. g.: api-mastodon-twitter) and, at the end of page, click "Submit". 
```

### #5 - Set the environment variables
#### Windows

> 1. Copy your "Your access token" from developer's page in Mastodon;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy your "Your access token" from the Application page you just created.
```

2. Press "WIN + R" and write "cmd". Click ENTER;
3. Go to your Desktop folder;
4. Write 
```
MASTODON_API_BASEPATH=https://[YOUR-MASTODON-INSTANCE] 
```
```
MASTODON_API_KEY=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_FROM_MASTODON
```
```
TWITTER_TWEETJS_FILEPATH=tweets.js
```
#### Linux and MacOS

> 1. Same thing as Windows;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy your "Your access token" from the Application page you just created.
```

> 2. Open Terminal;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open Terminal.
```

> 3. Got to your Desktop folder;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to your Desktop folder (or the folder you installed it in).
```

> 4. Write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run these commands:
```

```

> export MASTODON_API_BASEPATH=https://[YOUR-MASTODON-INSTANCE] 

Reviewer: What exactly is my instance? My Mastodon username?

Author: Your instance on Mastodon (eg "https://mastodon.cloud", "https://mstdn.io")

> export MASTODON_API_BASEPATH=https://[YOUR-MASTODON-INSTANCE] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export MASTODON_API_BASEPATH=https://[YOUR-MASTODON-INSTANCE]

for example `export MASTODON_API_BASEPATH=https://https://mastodon.social/@brandonhaslegs`
```

```
```
export MASTODON_API_KEY=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_FROM_MASTODON
```
```
export TWITTER_TWEETJS_FILEPATH=../tweets.js
```

### #6 - Setting the script

> In the terminal (or CMD), enter in "import-tweets-mastodon" folder, located in Desktop. Write 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the terminal (or CMD), navigate to the "import-tweets-mastodon" folder, located in Desktop (or wherever you installed it). Run these commands: 
```

```
npm install
```

> After this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, run this:
```

```
node import.js
```

> Tips: add the `DEBUG=*` environment variable for verbose output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: add the `DEBUG=*` environment variable for verbose output.
```

#### Need help?

> - Send an email to eduardopribeiro.6899@tutanota.com;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send an email to eduardopribeiro.6899@tutanota.com.
```

> - I'll not have all the answers, but I'll try to help you;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I won't have all the answers, but I'll try to help you.
```

> - This project is open-sourced. Feel free to contribute;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This project is open-sourced. Feel free to contribute.
```
